testPlans : study-viewer (#448)
uc-cdis/gen3-qa: docs/testplans/study-viewer/study-viewer.md

# Study Viewer

## Overview

> Dataset Browser allows the user visiting the commons to discover if the dataset they need is available on the commons. The user doesn't need to have full access to look for the dataset they are interested in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dataset Browser allows the user visiting the commons to discover if the dataset they need is available on the commons. The user doesn't need to have full access to look for the dataset they are interested in. Users can request access to data they don't have access to.
```
😄

It enables to the user to check :
1. if Gen3 has the data they need
2. if the data is sufficient enough for research 

## Technical Document
[Dataset browser/ Study Viewer](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BLbLX4GEViJfcWFNDNN723KmC2XMHH-SWFMM_cPg6wk/)

[Access Request Queue](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1h5ZLYXb_wi2a2H3sfXrRcY41KQ0SjQF3DBtdpt2oLxE/)

## Workflow

1. The users visits the commons 
2. Navigate to the Dataset Browser/ Study Viewer Tab on the navigation bar

> 3. The users searches for the dataset that they need and anc clicks 'Show Details'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The user searches for the dataset that they need and clicks 'Show Details'
```

4. if they have access, 'Download' button is displayed
5. if they do not have access, 'Request Access' button is displayed

> 6. Click on download button, if file -> file is downloaded, if program/project/study -> JSON manifest is downloaded

Reviewer 2: I'd describe some assertion in terms of "if we load study A, we should expect the downloaded file to contain clinical metadata for study A" or something.
I don't know much about the feature so it's just neophyte suggestion.

But the test plan looks good as it is anyway 👍

> 6. Click on download button, if file -> file is downloaded, if program/project/study -> JSON manifest is downloaded

Reviewer: the first iteration will only allow object file download, no JSON manifest, so i think that can be omitted for now. we're not sure yet it will be part of the final feature at all, since we'd like to use PFB instead

## Tests
 
1. Navigate to the Study Viewer Tab, if user has access, User should see 'Download' button
2. User should be able to download file as file or program/project/study as JSON manifest
3. If user doesn't have access, the user should see 'Request Access' button though which the user can request access

> 4. After receiving access to download, the user should see 'Download' button on the dataset

Reviewer: the steps lgtm, but i think they should be in a different order to match the real user experience:
```
1. Go to the page
2. No access - "Request access" button is displayed - click it - receive a "request_id" from Requestor
3. Make a call to Requestor to approve the access request
4. Go back to the page; have access - "Download" button is displayed - click it - file from indexd gets downloaded
```

# Study Viewer

## Overview
Dataset Browser allows the user visiting the commons to discover if the dataset they need is available on the commons. The user doesn't need to have full access to look for the dataset they are interested in. Users can request access to data they don't have access to.

It enables to the user to check :
1. if Gen3 has the data they need
2. if the data is sufficient enough for research 

## Technical Document
[Dataset browser/ Study Viewer](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BLbLX4GEViJfcWFNDNN723KmC2XMHH-SWFMM_cPg6wk/)

[Access Request Queue](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1h5ZLYXb_wi2a2H3sfXrRcY41KQ0SjQF3DBtdpt2oLxE/)

## Workflow

1. The users visits the commons 
2. Navigate to the Dataset Browser/ Study Viewer Tab on the navigation bar
3. The user searches for the dataset that they need and clicks 'Show Details'
4. if they have access, 'Download' button is displayed
5. if they do not have access, 'Request Access' button is displayed
6. Click on download button, if file -> file is downloaded (first iteration)

> ## Tests Scenarios

Reviewer: sorry, just realized we're missing something else - the study viewer has 2 pages so i expect you'd need a test case to navigate from one to the other

> 1. User with no access - <br>

Reviewer 2: <br> ?

Author: for new line. double enter makes it too spacy and makes the document longer
